bitcoin has been gaining more attention
recently as we have seen the price rise
just like any other asset class Big
Brother wants a piece of your pie the
weakest link of Bitcoin has always been
exchanges this is where the currency is
traded this is where you lose anonymity
this is where the fragility lies you
came here for the truth today we are
going to look at Bitcoin bitcoins
weakest link and I want to touch on gold
as well so stay with me let's begin
there is a crackdown that has taken
place on Bitcoin but not the currency
itself it is always at the exchange and
that is in fact the problem because the
exchange is an entity it's a corporation
it's a website that exists within this
particular government and these
governments will enact regulations laws
put these bills and acts then in place
to make it so that you cannot be
anonymous when you sign up to these
exchanges they will require you to have
all of your details put in there some of
them require photo ID some of them
require your credit card
they require passports and so on and
they do so as part of these different
laws they need your information know
your customer rules there are many
different terms depending on where you
live and essentially they want to know
your details if not you can't do
business on that website you can sign up
so what they're trying to do is crack
down on these websites to make sure that
they are giving them all of the details
of each and every individual this
article here this piece of data right
from the Australian Government's website
is part of this crackdown it's just one
particular country but I'll show you
that this is all around the world and
they will in fact attack the exchanges
they will probably go ahead and do this
they want to make it just like any other
stock trading platform
everything else where you have to give
up all of your data to them Bitcoin
itself if you want bitcoins have wallet
you don't need any of that you could
just have an email address for example
and you can create a let's say fake
email address you can sign up you got
your wallet
somebody could send you money you could
send money to them you don't need any
other data but when you want to trade
that on to an exchange that's where you
give up your anonymity some exchanges
are better than others but I think that
they'll end up cracking down on this to
a great degree that's my opinion on it
of course there are other currencies out
there that are fully anonymous but I
just believe that the exchange itself so
if you want to sell your bitcoins you
get onto an exchange and then you would
no longer be anonymous they would know
where that money is headed and then the
taxman will come your way
there are way other ways around this I
won't talk about the details of that in
this video but this is just primarily
where people are putting their money
through in fact people keep their money
on the exchanges and I think that is
very very dangerous never do that you
can have your own private keys you can
keep your own currency with you wherever
you go and that's significantly safer
than keeping them on the exchanges which
are being attacked every day so don't
make that mistake and essentially what
has happened here is that the Australian
Government has sat down they've had this
extensive consultation with the industry
that's the financial industry the big
banks the central banks and our national
security agencies the ones who keep you
safe each and every day so of course
they got together and they said look we
can't have the system this is dangerous
for us we can't do that so we're going
to crack down but is it anti money
laundering that they're worried about
that's what they're suggesting here this
that was the official report this is
Bitcoin calm talking about that report
and essentially what they do is they're
trying to strengthen their their
policies that they put in place trying
to get rid of all this anti money
laundering
they want to impose no your customer
rules on everybody it's you know global
thing that they're doing and I don't
believe that this is the reason why
because as we know cash is used more
often much much more often a fraction of
that is being used
probably they can only estimate within
crypto currencies but of course we're
not being told that this right here is a
document out of the UK government's
website and it talks about one of the
things that I talked about is virtual
currencies this is a massive report but
I just forward it down to the virtual
currency portion and they essentially
say that there are by the way they get
into actual details of the different
miners they get into a lot more detail
than I've seen governments around the
world know about crypto currency so it's
quite interesting that they're finally
starting to learn we saw the law that
the US government put in place that says
when you come over the border you have
to claim your digital currency that's
right you have to claim your digital
currency knowing that they don't know
anything about this I mean what a joke
but regardless in this report they're
talking about the potential that
individuals could use this for nefarious
acts but they also suggest that cash is
being used to a much greater degree to
do this much greater
it's almost insignificant to what's
being used for virtual currencies in
this regard most of them don't know how
to do that they don't trust it and also
the prices can be very volatile so by
the time that person may decide to take
their money out they're already in a
precarious position because the price
may have dropped by 20 percent or 50
percent maybe it went up by 20 or 50
percent so they don't like necessarily
like to do this they also don't probably
don't want to put their money ever into
some sort of Bank they want to cash that
out so they want cash cash is going to
be used that way and that's why they
want to implement a cashless society so
they're being squeezed from all sides I
don't think that in any way that Bitcoin
and other cryptocurrencies
are being used for this I don't think
that's really very realistic
sure on a smaller scale but I just think
that cash is probably the way that bill
stay as long as it's around and then we
have this a company co-owned by one of
President Vladimir Putin's internet
advisors plans to raise the
cryptocurrency equivalent as much as 100
million dollars in a push to help
Russian entrepreneurs challenge Bitcoin
China in Bitcoin mining essentially what
they're doing is creating this ICO and
it's a corn offering and they're going
to start mining they want a mind a
Bitcoin they want to challenge China
because they have such a huge market
share in that and I think that this is
quite interesting that everybody in the
world different governments they're all
talking about either blockchain
technology or they're talking about the
digital currencies and I think that
there will be a major change I think
that a lot of the cryptocurrencies that
exist today will not exist at some point
in the future I think that the values
will become very volatile I think that
you'll lose anonymity entirely on all of
the exchanges and I think that we are
going to have to go to a new method and
that is basically exchanging between
individuals I think that the people rely
on the exchanges too much because it's a
very liquid market on the exchanges and
that's what happens you want to get your
money out you want to get it at that
lowest basically that's spread that the
exists you want to basically minimize
that so the more liquid something is the
smaller the spread will be and then you
can get what you are looking for but if
you're going to exchange between two
individuals local exchanges and things
you may not have that same access it may
not be quite as easy so that's where you
lose out so I think it's interesting
just to see what happens I think a lot
of people are just sort of infighting
here with oh should we buy gold should
we buy Bitcoin I'm just covering the
information you do what you want with it
that's that's all I just cover the
information whether I like it or not
doesn't really
I hope that you don't do things because
of me and instead you just take my
information and you make your own
decisions I'm just trying to empower
people kind of given the information you
do what you want with it the sources are
always in the description of the videos
you can go there you can look at them
for yourself and make your own judgments
this is gold right here and we had seen
it go up significantly with the whole
issue over in the east can't say that
word on this channel anymore but we saw
the turmoil resulted in gold hitting a
high and hadn't in quite a while so that
was quite interesting but of course now
peace and prosperity have been restored
all of a sudden and the price has been
moving around quite a bit it came down
there all I know is that it reached a
1,300 mark and that was an important
thing because it hadn't done so in quite
a while in fact it's been trading an
arranger I think that the more turmoil
that there is the more gold will do well
but what we're talking about is paper
bold if you're looking at gold we need
to understand that we are talking about
a physical metal this is something that
cannot be reproduced it cannot be
printed you can't do that but you can
lease an infinite amount of gold onto
the market what they do every single day
they have been pushing the price down
for this long I think they can continue
it for the foreseeable future that's my
opinion on it
I just don't really ever want to look at
the price of gold why do I need to care
because I'm just going to hang on to it
if you have a little bit of precious
metals you have a little bit of every
different type of asset you'll always do
better than the people who put their
eggs in one basket and that's over a
longer period of time that's just a
smart way to do things
I believe in diversification even within
the asset class itself if you're going
to have gold do you want to have just
one type do you want to have just one
ounce gold coins that same type of gold
coin is that the smartest thing to do I
don't think so I think you need to have
different denominations of that really
small pieces of gold you
to have maybe different types of coins
from different places around the world
sure you're not going to get the same
price for all of them maybe it's not
just the cheapest that you're looking
for but you want that diversification if
you had to pay let's say another 5% to
get a different type of coin or or
whatever it is bullion then it would be
a wise thing to do because you're
diversifying the same with
cryptocurrencies do you buy just Bitcoin
or do you have various different ones
and that's also important to note that
you need to keep your assets
geographically diversified as well so
think about gold there are many of these
services that offer gold to be allocated
to you in a vault somewhere around the
world whether it's Singapore Hong Kong
London Switzerland so you can do that
you know I'll leave that up to you to
decide if that's good or not but maybe
you want to keep some at home maybe you
want to keep some somewhere else I mean
there are there are different ways
cryptocurrencies work the same way well
you don't want to keep all of it let's
say on a one particular exchange that's
not a good idea you want to have it
diversified elsewhere you want maybe
some on a desktop some on your cell
phone some on a you know some place
online there's different things and I
know a lot not everybody knows the terms
here I just think that people put so
much focus onto one particular thing and
they make a mistake diversification is
always going to help us sure you might
have a primary focus okay I am heavily
overweight on one particular asset class
right now let's say okay I think that
gold is going to do really well so I put
70% of my portfolio in gold but that's
70% that other 30% may be divided
between ten other different types of
assets and that's all you have to do it
you you change the allocation over time
but you're always maintaining
diversification that's something that
Mark barber talks about all the time
it's important to have a diversification
I'll leave it at that for this video if
you found it informative
please give me a thumbs up and last but
not least if you found the video
informative I know you'll find my books
some on the GPS mi new release global
economic collapse even more informative
these books are available at Amazon the
links are in the description below so
you can flip through them for yourself
take care just wanted to let everybody
know that I am also on bid me and B tube
the links are in the description of this
video
these are alternate platforms to get off
of this one you're currently watching it
on right now I'm trying to get off of
that even diversifying in that way as
well because we can't rely on any one
thing that's what we know if there's
anything that we do know is that we
can't rely on one thing that's for sure
so I'm getting onto a vid me and D tube
as well it's basically trying to just
not trust let's just put it that way
I'll leave it at that
take care bye